README.md, before:

HUMMINGBIRD
===========

Site tracking and analytics storage


Description
---------------

Hummingbird serves a 1x1 tracking pixel to users.  In the browser's GET request it
sends back tracking data generated by javascript.


Requirements
-------------------

 * node.js v0.1.94
 * mongodb


Installation
--------------

    git clone git://github.com/mnutt/hummingbird.git
    cd hummingbird
    git submodule update --init

    # Initialize the express submodules
    cd deps/express; git submodule update --init; cd ../..


Running Hummingbird
------------------------------

To start the analytics server, run the following:

    mongod &   (or start mongo some other way)
    node server.js

To start the web monitor, run:

    node monitor.js


Specs
--------

    sudo gem install jspec
    jspec run --node


Tips
-----

 * To run the UI locally but get some production data, use the url http://localhost:8088/?use_prod


Known Issues
-------------------

 * node-paperboy has issues with returning 304's that cause some weirdness in some browsers.  Try shift-reload until it's fixed.

Commit message:

Make websocket server configurable via url.  Make server name configurable via app config file

README.md, after:

HUMMINGBIRD
===========

Site tracking and analytics storage


Description
---------------

Hummingbird serves a 1x1 tracking pixel to users.  In the browser's GET request it
sends back tracking data generated by javascript.


Requirements
-------------------

 * node.js v0.1.94
 * mongodb


Installation
--------------

    git clone git://github.com/mnutt/hummingbird.git
    cd hummingbird
    git submodule update --init

    # Initialize the express submodules
    cd deps/express; git submodule update --init; cd ../..

    # Copy the default configuration file
    cp config/app.json.sample config/app.json


Running Hummingbird
------------------------------

To start the analytics server, run the following:

    mongod &   (or start mongo some other way)
    node server.js

To start the web monitor, run:

    node monitor.js


Specs
--------

    sudo gem install jspec
    jspec run --node


Tips
-----

 * To run the UI locally but stream data from your production server, use the url http://localhost:8088/?ws_server=your-host.com&ws_port=12345
